SRVCLI-325: Add docs on kn event (#40880)
openshift/openshift-docs: serverless/reference/kn-event-ref.adoc

include::modules/serverless-document-attributes.adoc[]
[id="kn-event-ref"]
= kn event
:context: kn-event-ref
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> You can use the `kn event` set of commands for managing cloud events.

Reviewer: Here I probably would describe it a little different, once the phrase as is may lead me think I can do anything about events like not just produce, but view, list, change or consume events.

So what about...
 
```suggestion
You can use the `kn event` set of commands for building and sending cloud events from the command line.
```

Author: @jrangelramos I used "managing" in case `kn event` gets new functionality in the future. (I didn't want to forget to update the introduction).
@cardil Do you expect that `kn event` will get additional functionality beside `build` and `send`?

Reviewer 2: Yes. We anticipate additional commands and functionality to be incorporated to `kn event` in the future :crossed_fingers: 

Here's a doc if you are interested: https://docs.google.com/document/d/11luj2wqajEsiaNXHjnGNBgc5viHdObCpqEwCAYnYbE8

Author: @cardil Thanks. @jrangelramos I've used your " from the command line." at the end :+1:

> You can use the `kn event` set of commands to manage cloud events from the command line.

Reviewer 3: Per https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/40821/files#diff-c5f7fa7193e0ac8c82c3a1a2b194609175ee251efe1e4e94fc0ace57e6bf5a0bR21 I think this is tech preview? In which case it needs the tech preview module / snippet included here.

> You can use the `kn event` set of commands for managing cloud events from the command line.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can use the `kn event` set of commands to manage cloud events from the command line.
```
